iGreenSocs Customer License

Copyright (C) 2020  GreenSocs 
  
Redistributions of this software as source code is permitted under the
conditions listed below.  The intention of any such distribution must
be in order for a third party to be able to execute the Customer’s
software (which in turn uses this software), while using a different
combination of hardware platform and version of SystemC, to which the
Customer has no access.

1. A source code distribution must not be made publicly available, and
may only be made to third parties who are existing, or can reasonably
expected to become, customers of the Customer.

2. Redistributions in source form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, the following condition and the disclaimer below in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution:
    “This software source code may not be distributed.”
Redistribution and use in binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
”AS IS” AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
